goto 13402
say Ok, lets play some tunes from Led Zeppelin IV
emote sings "Hey, hey, mama, said the way you move"
emote sings "Gonna make you sweat, gonna make you groove."
emote sings "Oh, oh, child, way you shake that thing"
emote sings "Gonna make you burn, gonna make you sting."
emote sings "Hey, hey, baby, when you walk that way"
emote sings "Watch your honey drip, can't keap away."
emote sings "*Ah yeah, ah yeah, ah, ah, ah."
emote sings " Ah yeah, ah yeah, ah, ah, ah."
emote sings "I gotta roll, can't stand still,"
emote sings "Got a flame in my heart, can't get my fill,"
emote sings "Eyes that shine burning red,"
emote sings "Dreams of you all thru my head."
emote sings "Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah."
emote sings "Hey, baby, oh, baby, pretty baby,"
emote sings "Tell me what you do me now."
emote sings "Didn't take too long 'fore I found out"
emote sings "What people mean my down and out."
emote sings "Spent my money, took my car,"
emote sings "Started tellin' her friends she wants to be a star."
emote sings "I don't know but I been told"
emote sings "A big legged woman ain't got no soul."
emote sings "All I ask for when I pray,"
emote sings "Steady rollin' woman gonna come my way."
emote sings "Need a woman gonna hold my hand"
emote sings "And tell me no lies, make me a happy man."
bow
say Ok..thank you!
emote sings "It's been a long time since I Rock and Rolled,"
emote sings "It's been a long time since I did the Stroll."
emote sings "Ooh, let me get it back, let me get it back,"
emote sings "Let me get it back, baby, where I come from."
emote sings "It's been a long time, been a long time,"
emote sings "Been a long lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely time."
emote sings "Yes it has."
emote sings "It's been a long time since the book of love,"
emote sings "I can't count the tears of a life with no love."
emote sings "Carry me back, carry me back,"
emote sings "Carry me back, baby, where I come from."
emote sings "It's been a long time, been a long time,"
emote sings "Been a long lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely time."
emote sings "Seems so long since we walked in the moonlight,"
emote sings "Making vows that just can't work right."
emote sings "Open your arms, opens your arms,"
emote sings "Open your arms, baby, let my love come running in."
emote sings "It's been a long time, been a long time,"
emote sings "Been a long lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely time."
smile
bow
emote sings "The Queen of Light took her bow, and then she turned to go,"
emote sings "The Prince of Peace embraced the gloom, and walked the night alone."
emote sings "Oh, dance in the dark of night,"
emote sings "Sing to the morn    -    ing   light."
emote sings "The dark Lord rides in force tonight"
emote sings "And time will tell us all."
emote sings "Oh, throw down your plow and hoe,"
emote sings "Rest not to lock your homes."
emote sings "Side by side we wait the might"
emote sings "Of the darkest of them all."
emote sings "I hear the horses' thunder"
emote sings "Down in the valley blow,"
emote sings "I'm waiting for the angels of Avalon,"
emote sings "Waiting for the eastern glow."
emote sings "The apples of the valley hold,"
emote sings "The seas of happiness,"
emote sings "The ground is rich from tender care,"
emote sings "Repay, do not forget, no, no."
emote sings "Oh,-------dance in the dark of night,"
emote sings "sing to the morning light."
emote sings "The apples turn to brown and black,"
emote sings "The tyrant's face is red."
emote sings "Oh the war is common cry,"
emote sings "Pick up you swords and    fly."
emote sings "The sky is filled with good and bad"
emote sings "That mortals never know."
emote sings "Oh, well, the night is long"
emote sings "The beads of time pass slow,"
emote sings "Tired eyes on the sunrise,"
emote sings "Waiting for the eastern glow."
emote sings "The pain of war cannot exceed"
emote sings "The woe of aftermath,"
emote sings "The drums will shake the castle wall,"
emote sings "The ring wraiths ride in black,"
emote sings "Ride on."
emote sings "Sing as you raise your bow,"
emote sings "Shoot straighter than before."
emote sings "No comfort has the fire at night"
emote sings "That lights the face so cold."
emote sings "Oh dance in the dark of night,"
emote sings "Sing to the mornin'        light."
emote sings "The magic runes are writ in gold"
emote sings "To bring the balance back."
emote sings "Bring it back."
emote sings "At last the sun is shining,"
emote sings "The clouds of blue roll by,"
emote sings "With flames from the dragon of darkness"
emote sings "The sunlight blinds his eyes."
say Thank you!  Thank you very much
shake
say This is all too much
cry
emote warms up his guitar
emote sings "There's a lady who's sure"
emote sings "All that glitters is gold"
emote sings "And she's buying a stairway to heaven."
emote sings "When she gets there she knows"
emote sings "If the stores are all closed"
emote sings "With a word she can get what she came for."
emote sings "Ooh, ooh, and she's buying a stairway to heaven."
emote sings "There's a sign on the wall"
emote sings "But she wants to be sure"
emote sings "'Cause you know sometimes words have two meanings."
emote sings "In a tree by the brook"
emote sings "There's a songbird who sings,"
emote sings "Sometimes all of our thoughts are misgiven."
emote sings "Ooh, it makes me wonder,"
emote sings "Ooh, it makes me wonder."
emote sings "There's a feeling I get"
emote sings "When I look to the west,"
emote sings "And my spirit is crying for leaving."
emote sings "In my thoughts I have seen"
emote sings "Rings of smoke through the trees,"
emote sings "And the voices of those who standing looking."
emote sings "Ooh, it makes me wonder,"
emote sings "Ooh, it really makes me wonder."
emote sings "And it's whispered that soon"
emote sings "If we all call the tune"
emote sings "Then the piper will lead us to reason."
emote sings "And a new day will dawn"
emote sings "For those who stand long"
emote sings "And the forests will echo with laughter."
emote sings "If there's a bustle in your hedgerow"
emote sings "Don't be alarmed now,"
emote sings "It's just a spring clean for the May queen."
emote sings "Yes, there are two paths you can go by"
emote sings "But in the long run"
emote sings "There's still time to change the road you're on."
emote sings "And it makes me wonder."
emote sings "Your head is humming and it won't go"
emote sings "In case you don't know,"
emote sings "The piper's calling you to join him,"
emote sings "Dear lady, can you hear the wind blow,"
emote sings "And did you know"
emote sings "Your stairway lies on the whispering wind."
emote sings "And as we wind on down the road"
emote sings "Our shadows taller than our soul."
emote sings "There walks a lady we all know"
emote sings "Who shines white light and wants to show"
emote sings "How ev'rything still turns to gold."
emote sings "And if you listen very hard"
emote sings "The tune will come to you at last."
emote sings "When all are one and one is all"
emote sings "To be a rock and not to roll."
emote sings "And she's buying a stairway to heaven."
noop
say Truly, one of the greats, don't you think?
say Lets do a little misty mountain hopping!
emote sings "Walkin' in the park just the other day, Baby,"
emote sings "What do you, what do you think I saw?"
emote sings "Crowds of people sittin' on the grass with flowers in their hair said,"
emote sings ""Hey, Boy, do you wanna score?""
emote sings "And you know how it is;"
emote sings "I really don't know what time it was, woh, oh,"
emote sings "So I asked them if I could stay awhile."
emote sings "I didn't notice but it had got very dark and I was really,"
emote sings "Really out of my mind."
emote sings "Just then a policeman stepped up to me and asked us said,"
emote sings ""Please, hey, would we care to all get in line,"
emote sings "Get in line.""
emote sings "Well you know,"
emote sings "They asked us to stay for tea and have some fun,"
emote sings "Oh, oh, he said that his friends would all drop by, ooh."
emote sings "Why don't you take a good look at yourself and describe what you see,"
emote sings "And Baby, Baby, Baby, do you like it?"
emote sings "There you sit, sitting spare like a book on a shelf rustin'"
emote sings "Ah, not trying to fight it."
emote sings "You really don't care if they're coming, oh, oh,"
emote sings "I know that it's all a state of mind, ooh."
emote sings "If you go down in the streets today, Baby, you better,"
emote sings "You better open your eyes."
emote sings "Folk down there really don't care, really don't care, don't care, really don't"
emote sings "Which, which way the pressure lies,"
emote sings "So I've decided what I'm gonna do now."
emote sings "So I'm packing my bags for the Misty Mountains"
emote sings "Where the spirits go now,"
emote sings "Over the hills where the spirits fly, ooh."
emote sings "I really don't know."
emote drinks water from a glass on the piano
emote sings "Oh, Baby, it's cryin' time,"
emote sings "Oh, Baby, I got to fly."
emote sings "Got to try to find a way,"
emote sings "Got to try to get away,"
emote sings "'Cause you know I gotta get away from you, Babe."
emote sings "Oh, Baby, the river's red,"
emote sings "Oh, Baby, in my head."
emote sings "There's a funny feelin' goin' on,"
emote sings "I don't think I can hold out long."
emote sings "And when the owls cry in the night,"
emote sings "Oh, Baby, Baby, when the pines begin to cry,"
emote sings "Baby, Baby, Baby, how do you feel?"
emote sings "If the river runs dry, Baby,"
emote sings "How do you feel?"
emote sings "Craze, Baby, the rainbow's end,"
emote sings "Mmm, Baby, it's just a den"
emote sings "For those who hide,"
emote sings "Who hide their love to depths of life"
emote sings "And ruin dreams that we all knew so, Babe."
emote sings "And when the owls cry in the night,"
emote sings "Oh, Baby, Baby, when the pines begin to cry,"
emote sings "Baby, Baby, Baby, how do you feel?"
emote sings "If the river runs dry, Baby,"
emote sings "How do you feel?"
smile
emote sings "Spent my days with a woman unkind,"
emote sings "Smoked my stuff and drank all my wine."
emote sings "Made up my mind to make a new start,"
emote sings "Going To California with an aching in my heart."
emote sings "Someone told me there's a girl out there"
emote sings "With love in her eyes and flowers in her hair."
emote sings "Took my chances on a big jet plane,"
emote sings "Never let them tell you that they're all the same."
emote sings "The sea was red and the sky was grey,"
emote sings "Wondered how tomorrow could ever follow today."
emote sings "The mountains and the canyons started to tremble and shake"
emote sings "As the children of the sun began to awake."
emote sings "Seems that the wrath of the Gods"
emote sings "Got a punch on the nose and it started to flow;"
emote sings "I think I might be sinking."
emote sings "Throw me a line if I reach it in time"
emote sings "I'll meet you up there where the path"
emote sings "Runs straight and high."
emote sings "To find a queen without a king;"
emote sings "They say she plays guitar and cries and sings."
emote sings "La la la la"
emote sings "Ride a white mare in the footsteps of dawn"
emote sings "Tryin' to find a woman who's never, never, never been born."
emote sings "Standing on a hill in my mountain of dreams,"
emote sings "Telling myself it's not as hard, hard, hard as it seems."
say well.. we're almost out of time.. for our final number
emote warms up his guitar again
emote sings "If it keeps on rainin', levee's goin' to break,"
emote sings "If it keeps on rainin', levee's goin' to break,"
emote sings "When The Levee Breaks I'll have no place to stay."
emote sings "Mean old levee taught me to weep and moan,"
emote sings "Lord, mean old levee taught me to weep and moan,"
emote sings "Got what it takes to make a mountain man leave his home,"
emote sings "Oh, well, oh, well, oh, well."
emote sings "Don't it make you feel bad"
emote sings "When you're tryin' to find your way home,"
emote sings "You don't know which way to go?"
emote sings "If you're goin' down South"
emote sings "They go no work to do,"
emote sings "If you don't know about Chicago."
emote sings "Cryin' won't help you, prayin' won't do you no good,"
emote sings "Now, cryin' won't help you, prayin' won't do you no good,"
emote sings "When the levee breaks, mama, you got to move."
emote sings "All last night sat on the levee and moaned,"
emote sings "All last night sat on the levee and moaned,"
emote sings "Thinkin' 'bout me baby and my happy home."
emote sings "Going, go'n' to Chicago,"
emote sings "Go'n' to Chicago,"
emote sings "Sorry but I can't take you."
emote sings "Going down, going down now, going down."
say thank you!  Thank you.. you're too kind
say goodnight!  And godbless!
goto 13587
sleep
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
wake
yawn
smile
say Time to get to work
end
